[improve][doc] SEO for Concepts and Architecture except Overview and Messaging (#674)
apache/pulsar-site: docs/concepts-clients.md

Before an application creates a producer/consumer, the Pulsar client library needs to initiate a setup phase including two steps:

1. The client attempts to determine the owner of the topic by sending an HTTP lookup request to the broker. 

>     The request could reach one of the active brokers which, by looking at the (cached) zookeeper metadata knows who is serving the topic or, in case nobody is serving it, tries to assign it to the least loaded broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The request could reach one of the active brokers which, by looking at the (cached) Zookeeper metadata knows who is serving the topic or, in case nobody is serving it, tries to assign it to the least loaded broker.
```

2. Once the client library has the broker address, it creates a TCP connection (or reuses an existing connection from the pool) and authenticates it. 
    
    Within this connection, the client and broker exchange binary commands from a custom protocol. At this point, the client sends a command to create producer/consumer to the broker, which will comply after having validated the authorization policy.

Whenever the TCP connection breaks, the client immediately re-initiates this setup phase and keeps trying with exponential backoff to re-establish the producer or consumer until the operation succeeds.

## Producer

A producer is a process that attaches to a topic and publishes messages to a Pulsar [broker](concepts-architecture-overview.md#broker). The Pulsar broker processes the messages.

### Send mode

> Send mode determines whether producers send messages to brokers synchronously (sync) or asynchronously (async).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send mode is a mechanism determining whether producers send messages to brokers synchronously (sync) or asynchronously (async).
```

### Access mode

> Access mode determines the permissions of producers on topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access mode is a mechanism determining the permissions of producers on topics.
```

A consumer is a process that attaches to a topic via a subscription and then receives messages.

> ![Message processing workflow in Pulsar](/assets/consumer.svg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Message processing workflow of a consumer in Pulsar](/assets/consumer.svg)
```

A consumer sends a [flow permit request](developing-binary-protocol.md#flow-control) to a broker to get messages. There is a queue at the consumer side to receive messages pushed from the broker. You can configure the queue size with the [`receiverQueueSize`](pathname:///reference/#/@pulsar:version_reference@/client/client-configuration-consumer?id=receiverqueuesize) parameter. The default size is `1000`). Each time `consumer.receive()` is called, a message is dequeued from the buffer.

### Receive mode

> Receive mode determines whether messages are received from [brokers](concepts-architecture-overview.md#brokers) synchronously (sync) or asynchronously (async).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Receive mode is a mechanism determining whether messages are received from [brokers](concepts-architecture-overview.md#brokers) synchronously (sync) or asynchronously (async).
```

:::

> ![consumer and reader interfaces in Pulsar](/assets/pulsar-reader-consumer-interfaces.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Consumer and reader interfaces in Pulsar](/assets/pulsar-reader-consumer-interfaces.png)
```
